Bug 1794
The functionality underlying the checkbox "Show time at the trigger" is broken.
Checked or unchecked, it does nothing.

I have diagnosed the problem, most of which lies within the file pv/views/trace/view.cpp

Two functions (methods) are provided to support ruler class functionality provided for managing a display time offset:

void View::set_zero_position(const pv::util::Timestamp& position)
void View::reset_zero_position()

These two functions are normally called as a result of right clicking on the ruler bar and selecting set or clear of a custom time zero.

Somewhere along the line, the set function came to be (mis)used for another purpose.
In particular, a call to set a custom time zero at time zero, that did not, and could not, originate from the click on rler bar mechanism.
This resulted in a permanently set custom time setting on top of the actual time zero.
This resulted in the side effect of disabling the trigger time zero setting, because it is lower priority than a custom setting.
I cll it permanent because of a bug in the ruler class in which it is assumed that if the zero time is the default, then there cannot be a custom setting.
This results in the option to dismiss the custom setting being missing.
It is not quite permanent because this can all be circumvented by setting and cancelling a genuine (non-zero) custim time zero.
The view state was normally left in a hard to reset state of having a custom zero set when that was not actually the case.  

Two "fixes" withing view.cpp made the trigger-zero mechanism work.
These "fixes" can be found in https://github.com/Cenkron/pulseview -b diagnose-trigger-zero

1. When applying the time offset the time at trigger needed to be subtracted (rather than added) from the signal time.  This was just a typical coding error.

2. Making it impossible to set custom zero time on top of the real time zero.

Rather than adopt my "fix", the underlying problems should be addressed.
I have done that in https://github.com/Cenkron/pulseview -b dev-trigger-zero

The fixes in that set of three files do the following:

1. Fixes the bug in the custom zero position reset code in ruler.cpp

2. Fixes the bug in the bogus call to set a zero point on top of zero.

3. Allows the "set time..." checkbox to be effective even after the capture completes.